1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

-Why does it say "food", but also include a drink (milkshake)?

-What is the age range of women for this out come?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.

	https://trends.google.com/home
	Going to Google and search trends.

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?

The highest peak was from Jan 31- Feb 28,2025 with 100.

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

The lowest was from Nov 30- Dec 31,2025 with 65.


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

The highest was Apr 30- May 31,2024 with 100. And the lowest was Nov 30- Dec 31,2024 with 72.

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?

Milkshakes stayed below 40 and Hamburger stayed above the 70 interest over time. You can see changes for both, milkshake seems to be consistent in a line for the year, while hamburger fluctuates consistently.


5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

Milkshake has half the popularity of the peak.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

Slightly but really when hamburger peaked breakup dipped and when hamburger dipped breakup stayed consistent.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?

Breakup and milkshake have a closer range but there is no pattern similarities. Breakup fluctuates while milkshake stays consistent.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?

Its not fully reliable unless I look at a specific time period. Towards the end is when you start to see all three have a increase. Over all hamburger has a high peak interest.
 
8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

Alabama.


b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

South Dakota.


9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

