1. What do you envision yourself doing 5 minutes before class starts each day, to ensure that you are ready to start on time?

Login in and checking emails, sometimes instructors send thing that need to be completed before class starts. I will also be checking my syllabus to see if all caught up or need to complete assignments. Checking Brightspace for class updates.

2. Do you have a second monitor connected to your computer? If you don’t have a second monitor, can you think of any friends or family members who you could ask to loan you one
for the next 12 weeks?

I currently don't have a second monitor connected, but I do have one available in my home to use. 

3. Do you have an external keyboard and mouse?

No keyboard, I already have a mouse in use. I prefer over the laptop pad mouse.

4. How do you plan to take notes for this class – in a doc on your computer, with pen and
paper, or something else?

I am old school pen and paper.

5. Practicing curiosity: What is one question that you have right now, about this course
generally or about a specific topic we’ll be talking about?

No specific question as of now, since we just started the boot camp. But I'm sure I will have some as we progress.

6. Is there anything that surprised you about the survey responses?

Yes, everyone understood the question differently, example how tall are you? Some people wrote their answer in CM over FT. And for free response questions some people wrote a whole story over just answering what the question asked. 

7. Looking at the responses to questions 1 and 5, are there any ideas you might try to
include in your morning routine, or any questions that you are also curious about?

No, I practice what I wrote and it has been helping me up to this point.

8. Pretend you are the instructor. Is there anything you can learn from this survey to help
in how you approach teaching this class?

Yes, I have to be specific as possible when asking questions because people can understand it differently. 

9. Again, pretend you are the instructor. Do you think it was helpful or not helpful to
make this survey anonymous? Why or why not? (If you can see both pros and cons,
you may include both.)

Yes, some of the questions asked were personal and maybe someone might not want to have their information out for others to know. But it does help give some insight on peers, get to know them a bit better.


