1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?

Data.gov, is a U.S government website that provides access to government open data to the public. 

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?

Results show 402,363 datasets found.

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?

There is only 50 datasets found. I think they were tagged with human health because the results show data sources that can have an effect on health like food consumption, the air quality humans are inhaling, and population census. 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?

You can navigate to more USDA datasets by clicking on the picture of USDA or clicking the /Department of Agriculture. And results show 2,979 datasets for USDA.

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.

6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?

For my city 26 datasets found, for county 1,436 datasets found and for state only 3 organizations found (Cook County of Illinois, Lake County Illinois, and State of Illinois.)

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?

When searching for nutrition the top three results show general info on nutrition or USDA nutrition assistance programs. Nothing related to actual food nutrition. 

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?

When I searched for butter I found many results under 5 different tabs. When I click a result it shows a breakdown of the components of butter in a table with measurement amounts, units used, where they gathered samples with location, as well as the year the data was acquired.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?

FoodData central downloadable data table. The table shows data type, release date, download file, file format, and zipped/unzipped. The files range in zipped and in unzipped. To download the file (zipped), it uses Megabytes and depending on the size once unzipped the file will remain in Megabytes, unless you download the full data set you will have zipped Megabytes and unzipped Gigabytes. To get more information on data types click on the data type documentation link at the top of the page.

